these make using the home button easy. my daughter and i both like them. i would purchase them again. well worth the price. does not have the need amps to charge things like ipads or hp touchpads. but its super small and compact. the idea of the design is a sweet idea but it wears off as the paint is over the case and not under a sealant or anything. it has a cool 3d effect but at the cost of the paint rubbing off. it is quite pretty though. it works great thus far no issues. the only thing i might have limited was a usb connect or it charges my t989 without fail. you have to hold it in a certain place in other for it to charge. i'll just buy the verizon charger instead. i have had 3 phone chargers go bad in two weeks. i can not say where i purchased them. most chargers for cell phones are cheaply made. this one is ok i guess. got this to replace a frayed oem cord. the cord itself is ok however the plug that looks like oem and is stamped as such is crap. took 8 times longer to charge with this unit. when the cord was paired with the actual oem plug in it worked fine. so if you need a cord its ok however it is definitely not oem and the plug is worthless. for the price and really just needing a cord it is a good value but i am very disappointed with the false markings as oem when it is certainly not. first off the charger works just as it should and all the ports stay connected just fine. people in other reviews were complaining that the cord was too short about 2 or 3 feet and that was what i was expecting. instead i got a 5 foot cord which is a bit long for the purpose i was going to use it for in my car. now i have a long cord dangling everywhere. that extra length may be a bonus for most but i bumped down the rating due to seller's lack of description and or consistency. also i'm fairly certain the product image was changed because when i ordered it a different style adapter was pictured. i was expecting a square shape with the usb port on the side i got the longer rectangle shape with the usb port on the end. hmm. there's no way to verify that now. in sum good charger with good connectivity looks and acts like it's an original samsung. cord length and adapter style may vary as it seems like the seller is not consistent. i would like to start off by saying that this product is what i ordered and i have no complaints about shipping or the condition of the product when it came to my house the problem i do have is the micro usb cable that comes with the charger. why is it that all of the different companies that sell chargers on amazon can get the plug part of the charger right but not the micro usb cord. the cord is cheap and not the original cord that comes with the other part of the charger. i am having the same issue with the charger that i ordered for my galaxy note 2. it's a very thin cord and also very short. maybe a 2 21 2 foot cord. and its of a cheaper quality than the part of the charger that the micro usb plugs into. be careful when ordering these cases. not all galaxy ii's are the same. mine was a sprint and this one did not fit my pnone. it went into the trash can as it wasnt worth sending back. otherwise i am sure it's a great case. i was expecting a bit higher quality product but it is what it is. i've used it for a few months and it definitely helped when i dropped my phone. but at this point i am not using it anymore due to the quality of the product although good it could be better and more solid. a note of caution from someone who owned and used just about every major blackberry model if you already own a standard usb 2. 0 cable and you don't need an extra then you do not need this cable. all a blackberry needs for data transfer is a standard usb 2. 0 cable with a micro-usb connector at one end. there is nothing special about this cable and nothing justifies the artificially inflated msrp listed for it. while this item is sold at a 90% off the msrp discount it's probably okay to purchase one for as long as after reading the first paragraph you decide that you will need a usb 2. 0 cable. the items has 2 stars taken away for the exaggerated marketing claim professional grade custom cable and for the inflated msrp. note please make sure that you buy cable with a micro-usb connector because this is what your blackberry needs. i bought this micro usb cable because it was cheap and that it is. i use this with my nexus s 4g from sprint and although it does indeed charge my device it causes some major issues such as screen lag my computer not being able to recognize what kind of device this is and causing my phone to constantly jump into car mode. so if you need a real quick cable for basic charging this will do it anything else. spend the extra buck on a higher end cable. i was really impressed by the price and was very excited when it arrived. but it doesn't work like it says it does. at first it charged my phone just fine but then it stopped charging i waited a day to charge again but it still didn't charge. cable works fine with my verizon galaxy s4 it charges and transmit the data fine. however connector tip phone side is too thick it won't fit if you use aftermarket cases. it works and is a good value for the price compared to the retail stores. the only negative is that it is just a tad too short. i have purchased many chargers for my samsung phone on amazon and honestly the quality is just so so on them. maybe i'm just really hard on chargers but i feel like they should last more than a few months. spend the money and get a good quality one. works fine if you don't move the phone. if you handle the phone the plug works its way out within two or three minutes. this despite a relatively stiff fit. note that the cord that came with the phone plugs in smoothly and securely. that's my general-use cord now this one is relegated to overnight charging where the phone isn't being used. it works that's about all that can be said for it. it charges my galaxy fine but cord does not retract. mine came with a busted spring. cheap enough i don't care not worth the shipping to return. it charges i suppose that's all that matters. looking at the price i ordered 2 of these. it served the purpose initially. but in few months one of them stopped working. that's 50% hit rate. though i don't what's the life for the other charger. initially it is a great charger at a great price. however i've been through 2 now and they tend to not last very long. for the price though i guess it's still not a bad deal. the charger works fine. it was a great value considering how much they cost in stores. however it doesn't retract at all. i like how long the cord is with this changer so that i'm able to reach the night stand and table from where i plug it in at. however i'm not a fan of how long it seems to take to charge to full charge nor how it atomically 34 stops 34 charging at certain times on it's own. product came really fast nice long cord which was great considering factory cord is so short. worked great til the third day then i don't know what happened. at the price i didn't expect perfection and at sellers defense i have not contacted them. it could easily be my own fault and i've been so busy. even review is late.
