it worked for the first week then it only charge my phone to 20%. it is a waste of money. it worked great for the first couple of weeks then it just stopped completely. so basically a small waste of money. only works one side at a time. when you connect two cables one side stop working and also overheated burning the fuses. i purchased two of them and it's the same problem. cheap and bad quality. i bought 2 of this and tried to test first. after few minutes of charging it felt hot. pulled it out and the product smelled burnt. tried the other one too and same thing. be careful. this one could be fire hazard or could potentially destroy the electrical system. this case for some reason is peeling there isn't much left of the orginal skin i loved the case with pink being my favorite color but i wouldn't recommend this specific one for anyone. the charger only lasted a week ad after that it just stopped charging my samsung galaxy s3. they really need to start making these chargers better. i've been thru several. junk. this product must be miss labeled. i can not get my samsung s2 phone to charge with this oem charger. the lights are on the phone says its charging but nothing happens. i am not sure if i got a defective product but it is very upsetting to sit in your car for hours and not see your phone recharge. if you need a reliable charger do not purchase this product. if you need a car charger for your samsung s2 i would recommend the motorola vehicle power adapter. it charges fast and is dependable. plugged into the car and worked the first couple of days. hasn't worked since. my phone does not even recognize it's plugged in. this thing worked well when it actually functioned but today it stopped working and i am past the 30 day return window by 10 days give or take. i'm guessing the quality might not be great as that is why it stopped working who knows. what a waste of money. first this is kind of cheap-looking but i did try to buy the cheapest oem car charger i could for my phone so that's forgiveable. the springs on the side don't have much force though so this is constantly slipping out of the 12v car port. the cable is sturdy but the rubber near the connector is kind of stiff which makes charging and operating your phone on the go a bit of a hassle. it's held up well since i purchased it though. update stopped charging after a month. i received this product in a very timely manner which was delightful however i gave it as a gift and was embarrassed to find out it was a defective item. i was reimbursed for the product but would have much rather had a product that worked the first time. had all the marking of a legit samsung product but the cord stop working after 3 days. i'm not upset because it was very inexpensive but maybe you should spend a little more and buy a better product off amazon. when it did work it worked very well. this charger doesn't charge the battery of my samsung galaxy s2 i9100 properly. when i connect it to my s2 the screen gets frozen and the cell behaves in a unusual abnormal way. in a nutshell this is not an oem charger. although it has the samsung markings it doesn't seat well with a samsung phone. this means that it's either meant for another market or it's counterfeit. with that said i wouldn't buy this again. august 17 2013 updatethe seller tried to make amends by sending me three replacement chargers. after using this for a while it is still garbage. it does not charge my phone and in fact it drains the phone. this must be a counterfeit product. it has samsung markings but it does not charge the phone. do not buy this product. after 2 weeks my charger just fell apart while i was taking it from the plug not a strong charger at all i would have asked for my money but it wasn't even worth it. this one came in broken the bottom pice snaps on to the sides and the main backing is a inlay piece. came in scuffed with paint and the pieces will not click in together. if it was not broken i would like it. also if it wasn't in three click in pieces. i never do this but i almost bought this product based off of the amazing sounding fake reviews provided by the shills for powerbear. if you look at all the positive reviews for this case you will see that none of them are verified purchases and yet every negative review other than this one of course is a verified purchase. what that means is that everyone who has actually bought and used this product thinks that it is crap. furthermore many of the reviewers have posted twice on this product once per color. why amazon allows this is beyond me but that is not the point. also if you look at the profiles of the positive reviewers you will see that they have posted multiple positive reviews for powerbear products and many of the reviews are carbon copies of each other. beware the paid shills. watch-out all these positive reviews are fake. some have even reviewed it twice using the same name. what a sleazy way to sell an item. i was raving to a friend about how amazon has great phone cases and how cheap they are and bought him this. it didn't even fit his phone right. poorly made. the case did not fit my phone was a tad too small. i could only get 3 corners into the case. i wound up buying a two piece case that cost about 20 from a local store. have dropped the phone so many times the case is beat to s and no damage to the phone. good reason to buy a case just not this one. my co-worker delayed in getting a case because he could not find one he liked and broke the display screen making his phone unusable. buy a case not this rubber thing. i threw mine away within 5 minutes of it's arrival. i read the first few reviews and didn't read any further and now i wish i had cause this thing does not work for the sprint galaxy s2. wish i had known that. there is a different between the size design of galaxy ii that is carried by usa and what's carried by asia. i'm in usa i ordered the cover for galaxy ii that i bought from usa the cover didn't fit and the speaker location is different from the phone. i copmared the cover to another galaxy ii that is sold in asia and i found that the design is different. so if you bought galaxy ii from usa don't buy cover from outside usa. i purchased 3 of these cables because they were cheap and got good reviews. i don't know how people are getting these cables to work. but out of the 3 i bought 0 have functioned properly with my palm pre. the best i can do is get it to charge though the entire time it is charging the computer is complaining about unknown device and could not install drivers even though it works beautifully with the original cable. the only setting that works is just charge. each of the 3 cables fails slightly differently which makes me believe that each has a different flaw. i've tried this with my wife's palm pixi as well as used different computers and that failed as well. look elsewhere when attempting to purchase a cable for your palm device. this cable not recommended for this device. that is what i get for an error message. plus it is really short. poor manufacturing quality the connector is too long and does not properly fit in my phone. i would not buy this. the cable is good but it does not fit the samsung galaxy s4.
