they look good and stick good. i just don't like the rounded shape because i was always bumping it and siri kept popping up and it was irritating. i just won't buy a product like this again. item arrived in great time and was in perfect condition. however i ordered these buttons because they were a great deal and included a free screen protector. i never received one. though its not a big deal it would've been nice to get it since they claim it comes with one. they are nothing special for sure but it's nice that you can tell when it is powered up by the led that glows in it. able to charge two phones at once in the car which is nice. i have several chargers. have more than one vehicle so i keep more than one of these in each. nothing more frustrating than finding all of a sudden one quits working and you have no way to recharge your phone. that is always when you need it most. this one works well for any of my products. this is a nice charger but you can tell it was made cheaply in china. when it is charging the phone the car radio gets lots of static. not so much that i have to stop charging but like when you are near power lines and the radio station is far away. so no rf shielding. i gave it 4 stars because it works fine for me but if you listen to the radio you might consider it is more like 2 or 3 stars. yo get exactly what you order in a timely fashion. and the item is just as described. great buy if you ask me. it came at last good looking and the price was good and i believe it is worth the time i waited for it to come to me good job. excellent product works great have easy handling and good quality as it is announced. reached as is shown time and in very good condition thank you very much for everything. purchased product about many a month ago. pros loved it work just fine. cool blue light feature when you plug it into the lighter. can plug in two things at one time. con top clear piece came off easily overtime i just put clear tape around the top total pros 95% cons 5%. works great and charges ipads tablets smartphones as well as bluetooth speakers and headsets. i would recommend it to anyone looking for a universal car charger. i love the way it can charge 2 devices at once. seems to charge quicker without gps on with it on it only holds the battery but better than it dying. bought so we could charge to phones at the same time while in the car from the same port. works. i received this product before i expected. it looks pretty good and it works with my iphone 3gs and my phone htc evo v 3d. it is a good deal because it is not easy to find something like this for this price. i use this in my car to charge my phone and my ipod as needed. it works well but the bright blue light can be annoying when driving at night. overall a very good deal. the case is not white its more of a silver. it's still a very pretty case it fit my phone perfectly. it took too long to arrive. defintiely worth the price. you should order several. most cases are 15 and up especially at the cell phone stores. i can't believe the mark up on these things. this cover makes an old phone look and feel new. i like that i can order covers for little money and snazzy up my phone. the color is more dark in person and this isnt the best protection case. i get a lot of compliments on the case and it was easy to put on. the case is pretty good. it dose have some scratches on one side of the phone but its every little. other then that i like it. ive dropped my phone a few times since putting on the case and it didnt break or scratch. ive gotten many complements on this case and over all it was worth the few bucks i spent. this case is afordable and yes it peels very easy but thats to be expected because its a dollor. i bought mine from electromaster. it snaps on fine for me but if i were to drop my phone the phone would be fine but the case would surely be done for. its only a dollar so do not get your hopes up. it looks great but its for show not for protection. if you want your phone to be protected go the extra mile for an outter box. very good charger it woks fine no complaints. i would recommend it. it was good but not using it anymore. great. so far. i had this charger before and it seem to last pretty good 3 years fits most phones except iphone and galaxy 5 but that phone can still use it in the right side of the portal it will judy charge it a bit slower. when this charger goes it tends to loose it's fit firmly in usb and has a short. another very good phone charger that does the job and has a very affordable price that anyone can afford to buy it. i needed a charger quick and i didn't want to spend 20. 00 at the convenience store for a short crappy charger. for this price the charger is great. pros the cord length is perfect if you have a tall bed. i don't have to struggle to see my phone when i'm laying down. cons the plug in is a little blocky but nothing to worry about. the connecter doesn't like to stay in place 100% of the time. it does not fall out but if you wiggle it just right it disconnects the charge. my phone is also old and the port is a little worn. that could be my issue. if you need a good charger for a cheap price. buy this. goes into the lighter port a little rough but it charges the phone fine. i wish it had a little more reach so i could use the phone from the passenger seat of the car more comfortably but its not a big problem. it will reach pretty far because of the coiled section but this will put stress on the charge port of your phone which many people dont realize will eventually break it. charger works great. haven't had any issues with it at all. i wish it has a retractable cord like some other chargers i've used but other than that i love it. good lengtheasy to usevery fast chargingi would recommend it to persons who use their phone a lot. though i m not a expert in cell phone chargers. this thing works good but its not all fireworks and hotel parties. its a charger and it works so i guess buy it. good charger and is perfect because it is also has a usb connection. also love that it is original material it works like that too giving a quick charge when i need it. although i do not use the charger the cable is useful. it is longer than what is given with the phone. the additional length allows the phone to be placed in plain sight instead of down by the wall receptical. works good with our phones better actually than the charger that came with one of the phones initially great price.
