i am disappointed that the 1a didn't work with my ipad. that's what i get for buying a cheap adapter. after a week only one side works. didn't last very long. worked great when it worked but it is a cheap piece of plastic crap so i shouldn't have expected it to last. i bought this so that i could use and charge my tab at the same time. my tab does not recognize the high power port and will either charge while off or use power while on it will not charge while powered on. i could only give this usb car charger 2 stars because although it worked fine for about 3 months it subsequently died on me. pros has 2 usb ports for charging one the top is 2. 1 amps. the bottom slot is lower presumably 1 or 1. 5 amps. -fits well in my charging socket holds tight. i've had some that were loose in my charging socket. -works well to charge my iphone in the top slot and the bottom slot works with most android phones except the very high end ones. -has a blue led light to tell you it is on and ready to charge. -the usb sockets seem to be well made and tightly fit all my cables. -pretty solid construction. -it cost less than 2. cons it died on me after 3 months. i had really enjoyed using this usb charger. it rapidly charged my iphone and worked well with charging the phones of my family and friends. the two slot design makes this design very handy with a 1 slot design no one else can charge their device unless i remove my cord. of course after this charger died i had to go back to the 1 slot design i was using before. after 3 months i began to notice the led light flickering. it was less than a week later that is quit working permanently. i'm not sure what the problem was faulty wiring bad design i guess i'll never know. i thought about getting another since they are so cheap but then i thought better of it. maybe they are so cheap because they are simply disposable after a short period of time. for whatever reason it died and i was forced to look for another 2 slot design i haven't found one in my price range yet. i loved the case when i first received it but shortly after the case started to peel off at first i did not know what it was until i looked on the back of the case and it was missing spots. guess sometimes a good deal is not really a good deal. would not purchase. it looked like it was used. it was broken when it got to be the paint job was horrible. i would never get it again. the samsung car charger has stopped working within a 6 month period. i thought a fuse was blown inside the unit but when i attempted to change it i've noticed that it doesn't come apart like most vehicle chargers. what a great price. right out of the box plug n upload sum juice. don't know if dropping it repeatedly on the floorboard or occasionally stuffing it in console to hide caused failure. but soon the green light failed to light and phones display showedit wasn't charging. so either spend several more dollars for one witha heavier cord stronger shell or treat it as a delicate flower. it worked fine for a few days then i had to change to cord. the charger itself working fine up to this point. rather than send it back i bought another cord from sprint for 19. 00. i thought this would be a samsung product but look like a cheap counterfiet. it came crushed and is slow to charge my phone. was here right on time. wall adapter what i expected and works well but dose not have quick-charge as this ad states and that was the whole reason i chose this chager so that is horribly disappointing and inconvenient. the micro usb is useless it looks and acts cheaply made and dose not fit well in to ports an either end will periodically stop working and my phone will freeze and turn off periodically as well. i know its the usd because i tried it in several devices and adapters and it had the same problems. i will never order from amazon again only two orders out of 13 have come without defect or wrong probuct. ugh. i bought this for the at t samsung galaxy s2 and the seller was very slow in getting this item to me. i also notice that this product do fit the sgs2 but the cut outs was not good. the cut out opening was too small for the power button there was also an extra cut out for no reason. it does fit nice so i gave it 2 stars but bad opening for my phone will be costly. well bought this so i could have a spare cord since i have the original cord in my car with a usb charger there got tired of keeping track where i had it last. so this cord works on when plugged into the wall. when hooked to a pc phone wont stay connected to the pc to transfer files or anything. so if you just need a cord to plug into the wall this will work but don't even think of this cord if you want to use it with a pc. this charger doesn't work very well. when plugged in it shows that it is charging but after ten minutes i'm lucky to get 1% more on my battery. i only use it now if my battery is low and i want to keep it from getting lower. that's really all it's good for. the plug fits and it charges my captivate it felt rather snug. the retractable ness of this charger is anything but. plain ol doesn't work. i literally took it out of the package and the first time i pulled the cord out didn't yank tug or otherwise forcefully pull it about 10 inches and hit the retract button to test it out and it retracted about 2 inches of it. i pulled it out further retracted about 4 or so inches of it. bottom line was that after messing with it and feeding it back into the charger versus it retracting itself automatically when depressing the retract button it took a few minutes to get the plug retracted so that only a few inches of cable was still hanging out of the charger and that was the best i could get. the cable would only automatically retract 2-4 inches at any given length. the main reason i wanted this was for the retractability since i hate having cables dangling around. working on getting a refund for this item now. when i went to take the charger out of my wallit snapped in half. lesson learned cheap things break too quickly. excited about this based on good reviews but did not have the same experience. tested on my nexus s cell phone person on the other end complained about static and poor quality sound. i unplugged headset and switched to using my cell and they said the problem went away so unfortunately problem seems to be with this headset. also just fyi this does not come retail packaged but shows up in a plastic bag with no instructions. not a problem for me but makes me wonder where these are from and the quality. i've tried and returned at least 5 headsets ranging from 15 to 150. this one was typical of the others that i returned low volume on the earpiece and low quality microphone. i finally ended up with a panasonic tca60 for about 19 which is very loud and sounds great on both ends. it's nothing fancy no volume control and no mute but who needs that when you can accomplish the same thing with your phone. price does not determine sound quality. i recommend this product. the only problem with this headset is that people you are talking to will have trouble hearing you. this is pretty important to me so i only give it 2 stars. i have used it extensively with both my cell phone and my cordless phones at home with the same problem. i don't think this will last very long. i was thinking of deploying this in a call center environment but i don't think it would last very long. plus the cord is too short for desktop use. the torx is the only real useful tool in here for the evo4g. not a big fan just use a credit card instead. pros good tool set if you need to take things apart. cons they came in a plastic bag no case they're extremely flimsy plastic that makes me feel like if i use them over 10 times they're going to break. i don't recommend this at all and would recommend you buy something other than this.
