these stickers work like the review says they do. they stick on great and they stay on the phone. they are super stylish and i can share them with my sister. these are awesome and make my phone look so stylish. i have only used one so far and have had it on for almost a year. can you believe that. one year. great quality. awesome. stays on and looks great. can be used on multiple apple products. especially having nails it helps to have an elevated key. came just as described. it doesn't come unstuck and its cute. people ask where i got them from it's great when driving. good case solid build. protects phone all around with good access to buttons. battery charges with full battery lasts me a full day. i usually leave my house around 7am and return at 10pm. i'm glad that it lasts from start to end. 5 5. this is a fantastic case. very stylish and protects my phone. easy access to all buttons and features without any loss of phone reception. but most importantly it double power just as promised. great buy. this case fits perfectly on the s4 and keeps me powerd all day i can't complain. a recommend it to all. this is the first battery case i have had for my galaxy s4. the s4 fits very well is slim and doesn't add much weight to the galaxy s4. it doubles the battery life. you can charge either the battery the phone or both. there is a handy on-off switch with leds to indicate the level of charge. the battery case came on time and was packaged well. well worth the price. performs exactly as advertised. it's very sturdily built and provides lots of boost. it does exactly what it's supposed too. easy to insert phone in and out. definitely a 5 star experience. don't know what i would do without this case love love love it. unlike most of the rechargeable battery cases powerbear lasts up to 2 whole days. it doesn't heat up like most of the other ones and i was completely fascinated by the ultra light and sleek design for the case. before i was using the mophie case but i couldn't wear it often because it was like having a hot brick in your pocket hence i had to always leave it at home. on the contrary with powerbear i never take it off because i can't even tell the difference. also it is build in a super strong manner and even though i dropped my phone a few times its shock resistant technology won't let a single thing happen to the case or the phone. the powerbear case became an extension to my phone that i never have to take off because when i charge it at night it charges both my phone and the case and i have battery life for more than two days. i was also shocked to hear all the positive compliments i was hearing from people at my job fitness center and throughout the community. everybody was loving the case and what they don't know is that it cost me 60 % cheaper then all the other brand. this is the best purchase i've made on the internet and i am going to buy more for my family in time for the holidays. thank you powerbear. just what i needed. i needed a phone case for myself and my two sons but i also needed new replacement batteries. now this isn't the case since i got both in one. awesome thanks a. when there is no outlets or chargers near by its powerbear to the rescue. ordered one for my husband and myself. great purchase. it works great. doesn't heat up like crazy like the other ones i got and cheaper too. its definetly the best power case for the s4 you can get thats why i got one for me and my wife. i wonder why its called power bear. surprisingly this inexpensive version works just as well and just as reliably as the expensive variety. it has been working for me for months now. no problem. excellent value. i have tested this against the griffin dual output unit. i checked the charging current. this unit was charging my galaxy note battery with 70 ma. griffin was charging with 40 ma. and the griffin was 4 times more expensive. i have not used these for very long. i bought 15 of them because they are so cheap and because they actually do seem to provide high current. no idea how long they last. i assume they will work fine. i have not been using them much. i did the testing just to stock up on a high current charger. this passed and i stocked up. i love that it has two ports for my phone and ipod. who wants to be putting too many things in one socket. sleek and convenient to store and i just love it. just what you need i am always having to charge my phone and then find i have another item to charge also. i bought this a little skeptical. after i tried it i bought two more. it works great and so far it has lasted for about 3 months. if that changes i will update this review. this is a terribly awesome product in my subaru's console. passengers love it i love it because it emits a blue glow because it has held up to abuse over the years and performs like new. i've bough a munch of different things like this over the years. most wouldn't stay in the jack or would give out after a few days. this one is great. it works great i like i can charge two thing at the same now i dont have to wait for my to finish charging her phone. purchased two and we put one in each car. now we charge our ipad and iohone together. can also use to power my galaxy note 2 or recharge other usb devices. if you have to think about it you need counseling. great charger for 2 devices and i haven't had any problems so far 3yrs now. i bought this to charge my iphone and tablet in the car. works for iphone but not the tablet. i needed a stronger charge for that but this is still great for both iphoe and ipod together.
