pleasant 10 min walk along the sea front to the water bus. restaurants etc. hotel was comfortable breakfast was good quite a variety. room aircon didn't work very well. take mosquito repelant. lovely view out onto the lagoon. excellent view. staff were welcoming and helpful. the hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. the room was clean and comfortable. my wife and i had a room with a terrace over looking the water. it was a great view. i will look to stay at this hotel my next time in venice. very pleased. nice hotel with very friendly staff and helpful great choice for breakfast something for everyone. great stay. close to ferry. food not so good nearby. this hotel is in lido which is a better choice than staying in crowded venice. the water bus is very convenient and it takes only few more stops to the main attractions in venice. we received excellent service many thanks to anna and donnatella who made us feel at home. it was a 10 min walk to water bus would have liked it closer. located on the water on lido island away from the rush of venice. no shower but jets in the bathtub and my room was slanted but made it work. hotel facilities are good and breakfast ample. econmy rooms have sloping roof so tall guests mind your head we stayed in one and it was fine the occational bump but for the price you cant really complain. friendly reception very helpful. hotel has pleasant views and is about ten minute walk to main water bus terminal to take you any direction. we used the spa one day. good saunas but relaxation area noisy and small. some lovely restaurants close by and cheaper than in venice. it was a bit far from city center. close to venice and decent hotel breakfast was okay with no too much selection but has everything you need. beautiful views of venice in the lovely relaxed calmer area of lido di venezia. gorgeous sunsets and very easy to access venice rather than satying in the hustle and bustle. close to only beaches in venice. staff were so helpful especially ivan and the lady we met on the desk each morning. this is a great little hotel. we had a wonderful view from the room and patio. good size. breakfast was great even had north american breakfast foods. only issue was the two twin beds pushed together. that was very uncomfortable. nice and clean. rooms are spacious with air conditioning. good selection of breakfast. within easy reach of san marco. quite location. victor and judy were truly accommodating hosts especially when we had to cut our stay short due to illness. everything that has been written by other reviewers was spot on. it is more like a small inn or bed breakfast with the breakfast left in the fridge in your room than a hotel. there are eight guest rooms around. we had unit 4 on the east side of the complex for 3 nights very quiet very comfortable bed nice amenities in room killer shower. pool was large heated wonderful judy hope i got that right made us fresh orange and banana smoothies when we were in the pool breakfast in fridge was just ok little. little paradise is called a hotel but it is more of a motel tucked away in a nice neighborhood district with similar styled single story boutique motels hotels. this is not your large chain full service hotel but a nice hideaway with just a few rooms surrounding a warm salt water swimming pool. there is no on-site restaurant but you get. if you are being treated at any texas medical center facility this is a good place to stay. very clean decent breakfast and shuttle. the only negative is that the shuttle doesn't run in the middle of the day making it inconvenient to return to the hotel following an appointment. we have had to take a taxi a few times. great location walking distance to nrg stadium. next door to pappa bbq warning good but very smoky flavor. hotel was nicely decorated gave a warm welcome. front desk staff was friendly though distracted. our room while quite large we had an accessible room had two acs that did not de-humidify the room. it felt damp humid the whole stay. though. stayed here for two nights to visit mda. the rooms are clean. the bed is comfortable. the internet worked great. the staff was nice. close to many restaurants. i highly recommend. we stayed at best western the last visit and had a total different bad experience. i was a bit concerned after checking the rating of this hotel but was so pleasantly surprised when i got there. i was basically there for a medical visit and it seemed like so were a lot of other people but we would totally stay there if we were just visiting houston. my mom checked in for me since i. we stay here each time my husband has a medical appt in houston and they do offer medical rates if you ask. it is near medical center off of main st. very quiet and very clean large rooms. several eating places within walking distance. offers medical center shuttle also. the pool is very small but we don't use that anyways. very nice like new lobby and rooms. lobby and halls have tile floors that look great. fancy large chandelier in lobby. hotel is 13 years old but looked like it was remodeled recently. near rice university. had a security guard on duty. fridge in our room was noisy. dual phone charger ports by bed and on desk. lots of digital. the hotel was great staff was great only bad thing was the breakfast as i am a choice hotel guy and most of the comfort suites have a great breakfast this one kinda lacked. but staff and rest of the hotel was great. the didn't tell me they were gonna run my credit card for accidental for a 100 charge. they just told me they had to double check my id and the credit card that was used. i stayed here with some girlfriends for a wine tasting getaway. the staff pointed out some great wineries and restaurants and were very friendly.
