it was ok hotel is nice from in and out but room was small we paid for double bed bat they atteched 2 single bed. room was tiny-bed saggy-bathroom door didn't work. good breakfast and convenient location. wouldn't return or recommend. if you're looking for a hotel where the action is go elsewhere. the hotel is on the lido which is about a 10-15 minute waterbus ride away from venice. however if you're looking for a place on the lido this is a well-priced option. the staff was great with handling recommending dinner reservations even during an insane carnevale weekend. the doors are a little thin and since the building is old the soundproofing needs improvement. the quarters are cramped but the room comes with breakfast. if we wanted to stay on the lido again this would be a good option but next time i think we'll opt for a place closer to the action. recommended. we stayed here because of a family medical emergency. did not have any options for a room. we had the small queen room think it may have been laundry area previously. bed fair. room quite. was ok for one night. this hotel is near the stadium. price was ok. 99 plus tax. this is the old address for thunderbird. the new one is thunderbird school of global management1 global placeglendale az 85306-6000 usasee their website thunderbird. edu about thunderbird contact us. htm. the room was fine and the mattress was very comfortable. unfortunately i arrived while the front entrance was under-construction. there was not sufficient signage to find out how to enter the building. i would have left had i not already had a reservation through hotels. having never been to livermore imagine my shock when the 2nd floor balcony room overlooked a parking lot and a gas station with a jack in the box thrown in for good measure. i thought i was staying in wine country. it would also have been nice to know that it is under construction. granted i should have done more research but it was a last minute decision to go. the only good thing i could say is the bed was comfortable. if you are looking for a hotel right off of a freeway this one fits the bill although way overpriced. the bathroom sink splashes water need to be fixed. the bathtub shower make loud noises. other than that it was a good stay. nice in out along the freeway. i thought it was a little high for what it was. beds and pillows were nice. and the television was good as well. the pool was closed. all the rooms have been recently renovated. they are in the process of renovating the lobby area. the room was new and clean. the beds were very comfortable. the bed linen looks new too. its also nice to have electrical sockets at desk level and plenty of them. the breakfast was so so. eggs sausages and hashbrown no fruits but barely edible. the most convenient place to stay in livermor and where we will stay in the future. all was great until the heater ac came on. it sounded like a vacuum cleaner every time it turned on. waking me up over and over. the room would get to hot then to cold. had a horrible night sleep. vroom vroom. clean friendly comfy bed all ruined by a motel-6 quality wall unit. there's nothing wrong with the hotel except that there are flood lights shining in your window while you sleep and the curtains don't close. i really like the furniture the bedding was clean the pillows are great. next time i will ask for a room with windows on the other side. the hotel is under renovation so lobby and other areas were blocked off. room was very nice but breakfast were less than tasty. stayed here for a wedding weekend. easily accessible from the freeway 5min drive to downtown livermore good weekend stay for wine tasting or weddings not much of a view in any direction. rooms were clean with modern decor. parking was free. free continental breakfast. they were remodeling the dining area during our stay but it didn't bother us too much. super solid well-maintained but nothing to write home about. breakfast buffet while complimentary was pretty lackluster but a nice feature nonetheless. i expected more from a wyndham hotel. bathroom was very small not enough counter space for makeup bag and shaving kit. amenities were not replenished. had to ask for coffee replacements then were given single serve bags for a 4 cup coffee maker. coffee maker eventually replaced but i had to ask. twice. and the word suite. is not too accurate. the hotel was fine i with the shower specifically the shower head was cleaner it could you a thorough scrubbing and white vinegar cleaning. our room was on the ground floor facing the parking lot. this meant that any time our curtains were open we were on display for whoever was walking driving by. it also meant we couldn't safely leave our window s open at night and had to rely on the very very loud air conditioner. although outdated our room was very reasonable. there. rooms are very small especially for a family of 4. beds were not very comfortable and the bathroom was also small straddle the toilet to close the door small. the pool area was not so great. hot tub was cloudy and the whole area had a septic smell. it was convenient a little noisy in the room with the traffic on the road room facing the front of the building. we stayed at this property to attend an event about 20 miles away. it's close to the highway which was convenient for us. room was quite comfortable and had relatively new furnishings. however upon arrival we were greeted by a large roll away bed standing on end i. e. it blocked part of the entry and wouldn't have fit in room if it were set up. when i went to front desk to see about having it removed i had to wait about 10 minutes for desk person who apparently was only staff person on duty and was working desk and dealing with room issues she went with me to room to remove bed. also lobby was a little iffy lobby restroom was not clean and there was a carpet runner in the lobby that was really several pieces of leftover wall-to-wall remnants that had been hand cut a bit tacky and a tripping hazard. finally a couple had a huge screaming fight in the middle of the night which i found quite disturbing because i was concerned it could turn violent not hotel's fault but still.
