walls extremely thin you can hear everything. excessive hoovering every morning outside bedroom. there. is a bar but no one to tend it. the room was clean the hotel workers were very good and the breakfast was also good. but the kennel with the dogs was awful. these dogs starting barking at six in the morning. the television in my room was a twenty inch lg. i will never go back there again. reprehensible three days without maid service despite telling the management after it had happened the first time. i would not recommend this hotel for this reason. the pictures on the web site were more expensive looking then the reality. we were told we had one of the best rooms besides staring at cargo containers the tv would not work so they changed our room. it was not well furnished and we could not regulate the air conditioner way too warm for sleeping. the continental breakfast was good and the staff was very nice and helpful. the linens were harsh and uncomfortable. sorry but this was not at all what i expected and it was certainly unacceptable. the room was big and the hotel staff were nice but i couldn't get over the smelly linens. when i lay down on the bed all i could smell was dirty old sweat socks. i don't think they ever used detergent or fabric softener to wash the linens. they were that horrible. i had to spray the linens with perfume so i wouldn't smell them au naturel while i'm sleeping. i'm never going to stay in this hotel ever again. this hotel was promoted as being in the wine country. however it was a block from the freeway. when we asked the desk clerk about this she pointed her finger toward the door and said it's about 4 miles that way. we had a great view of jack in the box parking lot. when we first entered our room and kicked off our shoes we found ourselves stepping on numerous sand burrs left on the carpet. after working out and returning to our room at 9am there was no hot water for the shower. the breakfast was adequate and the housekeeping staff were friendly. mediocre. the carpets and elevator reek of sour wine. evidently they have regular wine thursdays here. service was somewhat lacking. i requested a wakeup call they didn't do it. finally the free breakfast was on the poor side. daddy this bacon tastes like tuna. we stayed for two nights. the lobby was nice and the breakfast was good. however the room was not properly cleaned upon arrival and the same issues remained on the second day. would have expected much better at this price. the last time i stayed at this hotel it was under remodeling and one of the rooms i was placed in had a heating unit that did not work. i moved to another room which was okay but not as nice a room. this time my granddaughter and i checked in at about 4:30 pm and the room was extremely. our family reserved 6 rooms for 2-4 days for a family event. 3 of the 6 rooms had some significant disappointments including blood and feces on the sheets and roaches in the room. our daughter turned her refrigerator on upon check in and then stocked it with food. housekeeping turned it off and the food spoiled. gentleman at the front. the pillows were way too soft without pillowcases. the mattress was so soft my back was aching. when i awoke in the am since i arrived so late and did not notice i flipped the covers off and there was dried blood on the sheets. i could not leave fast enough. sorry but never again. the next night i stayed. i often stay at hampton inns but one was not conveniently located so i opted for this fairfield inn near bingham ton because it seemed to be about the same quality although a little pricier. what a mistake. the motel although the room was clean and comfortable was very unattractive and way overpriced for the amenities. i would have walked out but i had a no cancellation reservation. when i mentioned the unattractiveness to the desk clerk she acknowledged the problem and very nicely explained that the place was due for a major overhaul. so. if the management knew it was not up to snuff why the high rate. this experience guarantees that i will avoid fairfield in the future and recommend that other travelers stay away also. was hoping for a nicer room based on higher room rates than other offerings. what we found was just a plain room. wished we had stayed somewhere else for our money. breakfast was good value and well served. the room smelled bad. not very clean to say the least. i would sleep in my car before stay here again. the hotel was easy off and on the highway and reasonably priced which were our main points for selection. the night clerk was very helpful for our issue. but that doesn't outweigh the huge negative of finding a condom wrapper between the sheets with suspicious spots on the blanket which led us to believe they had not been changed from a prior guest. upon my request both were replaced and we were offered a different room but inspection of this room included holes in both the sheets and blanket. disgusting. if i hadn't booked on line i would have insisted on my money back. we would never recommend this hotel to anyone. it was just ok. room had a odor but carpet was new. just dated. i guess you get what you pay for. i attempt to use my wyndham rewards. he said it was invalid and created a new number for no reason. he said you can just call this number and tell them to combine the two numbers. i asked for a detail print out of charges and he wasn't happy that i asked for one. room was okay the front desk. overall stay was ok. the towels could have used a little more in the wash. they were dingy and you could see past stains on them. walls had hand stains on them. will most likely not stay here again. we spent 2 weeks in this hotel due to the cost of the the normal hotels we stay at were double the normal cost. the location of this hotel is great it has a nice good size flat screen tv with cable sat tv and both beds were actually pretty comfortable at this poit there is nothing else that i. unprepared for firstly the unwelcoming entrance to this establishment. up a narrow walkway past a lift that reminded me of the ancient ones in paris to find the office a room out by the pool area with 3 4 of the window area covered with glass like banks used to have'. we had to bend down to talk to the not. we were picked up from the airport in a car which was not vacuum cleaned for a long time. that might sound like a small thing but it is symbolic for the rest of our experience. just not good enough anymore except the bill. running a place like this is like being married to a harvard educated supermodel.
