really lovely hotel. stayed on the very top floor and were surprised by a jacuzzi bath we didn't know we were getting. staff were friendly and helpful and the included breakfast was great. great location and great value for money. didn't want to leave. we stayed here for four nights in october. the hotel staff were welcoming friendly and helpful. assisted in booking tickets for the opera. the rooms were clean and comfortable good shower light and airy rooms with windows you could open wide. beds were comfortable. plenty of choice for breakfast. spa at hotel nearby which we used while we were there. we stayed here for four nights in october. the hotel staff were welcoming friendly and helpful. assisted in booking tickets for the opera. the rooms were clean and comfortable good shower light and airy rooms with windows you could open wide. beds were comfortable. plenty of choice for breakfast. spa at hotel nearby which we used while we were there. we loved staying on the island of lido. you need to take a water is from venice to get there. from the train station a boat ride takes 45 minutes but has beautiful views along the way. hotel is an easy walk from the boat dock. the room was very clean and the breakfast was plentiful. we would definitely recommend this hotel. we had absolutely no problems whatsoever with this hotel and were very pleasantly surprised by the quality considering the low price. the dcor of the room was pleasant and flawless unlike many of the venice hotels i've stayed in. the breakfast buffet was delicious too. and to finish all this off the staff couldn't have been friendlier or more helpful. in terms of location the hotel is about 10 minutes walk from the lido waterbus stop then a boat takes around 15 mins to get into venice. we didn't find this a problem at all we knew this was going to be the case so had pre-booked transport tickets to save money. the surrounding lido is pleasant and worth an explore in a spare couple of hours. in conclusion i would book this again due to the fantastic quality of the hotel despite the trade-off of not being in venice itself. lovely hotel 10 min walk to the water bus stop on lido. away from the madness of venice but close enough to be there in less than 20 minutes. located on the lido i would recommend this hotel if you require a little piece and quiet after the busy day's in venice facility's good staff very friendly and very helpful. i requested flowers for the room as it was one of my wife's special birthday's and yes they ordered exactly as requested can't ask for more. rooms are a little on the small side but in line with most european hotels of this standard so wasn't a surprise or a problem room and bathroom was cleaned every day with fresh towels supplied each day. buffet breakfast had various options to suit most peoples taste but it was a surprise to see sausage bacon and scrambled eggs available must have been put on to satisfy us brits. we stayed during late september so the lido is probably quieter at that time however we felt very safe walking around late at night back to the hotel but taxis are available if you feel a little vulnerable. restaurants and coffee bars are located in the main commercial area close to the waterbus stations and tend to be slightly cheaper than in venice. we had a water taxi think luxury speed boat. from the airport to the hotel and back again quite an experience a little costly but well worth it a lot quicker and less hassle than the waterbus. venice was very busy during the day time st marks square at night is a must fantastic atmosphere. all in all we had a great time in venice it can be a little expensive so don't ponder over the bills to much just pay up with a smile. stayed with parents wife twin toddlers in two triple rooms. the hotel is easy to reach and the rooms were well placed well furnished. the best feature was extremely friendly helpful staff particularly ms. annalucia ms. anna who were always ready to listen help out with big smiles. the breakfasts were very good with good spread and the guests were made welcome to sit and eat at leisure more important when you are with toddlers. would surely go back to venice would happily stay again at russo palace. really enjoyed the stay about a 10min walk to the main waterbus station. had the perfect quiet location and staff were really friendly. great hotel staff where amazing and the location and views make this a great base to visit venice. nice staff. nice location. we booked two nights at russo hotel on lido strip and two nights in the very center of venice. this is a good balance. lido is a bit further but it feels more local and is more relaxing too it gave us a taste of dolce vita. we didn't see it on the hotel description but they offered us a taxi boat ride to murano with another couple for free. the boat ride was very pleasant they dropped us in a glass blowing factory shop the glass making demonstration was nice and there was very little pressure to buy. internet was free for 20 minutes day but a bit slow like everywhere in venice. so in short a good pick good value for money. we had a wonderful relaxing time. the staff were completely attentive and accommodating. we had a corner king room with a kitchen two patios and a deluxe bathroom. you had to drive into town but they said that uber is available if you need it. this was our first visit to palm springs and hopefully not our last. it really. we were in palm springs on the day the temperature was 123 degrees. despite that we had a wonderful stay because of the little paradise hotel. the staff were friendly and accommodating and all of the little complimentary touches were so nice like a bottle of wine for us in the fridge sun care products near the pool and a. we arrived in palm springs not sure what to expect. it's a quiet kinda place in low season'. we drove down what appeared to be a residential street. parked up at a wooden gate and weren't sure what to expect. what awaited took us back in amazement. the room is spacious with an air of decadence. the welcome wine and comprehensive breakfast was more than. this place really is a little paradise. a beautiful boutique style hotel with everything meticulously thought out to make our vacation perfect. saltwater pool fresh fruit best showerhead i've ever experienced i can go on and on. the bed was so comfortable and we slept like babies. victor did a wonderful job and judy was just lovely and personable. spent 3 nights at little paradise boutique hotel on a mother-daughter trip. wonderful and relaxing experience. clean and newly redone rooms that are well equipped and spacious. perfect location off the main street in a quiet neighborhood that is close to downtown palm springs. the pool area has a nice gas fire pit area and lots of comfy chaise lounges. this little hotel surpassed all my expectations. the rooms are well equiped with a little kitchenette fridge was filled with croissants 3 bottles of water soda and much more. the room was very clean and the bathroom was equiped with a top notch shower. i would definately recommend this place to anyone visiting or passing trough palm springs. the reception. if you want peaceful and relaxing look no further. although set up like a single floor motel it is hardly anything but. the rooms are very nice with a full kitchen. they provide some breakfast items snacks and bottles of spring water. you can bring in anything you like to enjoy at the pool or in your room.
