don't stay here unless you're less than 2 feet tall or like sleeping with centipedes. our 4th floor room was an attic with a vaulted ceiling that angles down to 3ft. the bed is only accessible from one side. if you placed your head in the skylight on the other side you might able sit up. the bathtub was impractical with broken shower head. we moved to the 1st floor the next day and within minutes found a centipede on the wall and15 flies. we asked for a broom to get rid of the centipede. later in the day the receptionist said she gave us something to control the bugs. we never complained about the drain flies so she must have noticed a problem. that night we spent 2 hrs catching 6 centipedes in our room. 2 came from throw pillows. we asked reception for a new room or hotel but there supposedly weren't any hotels with open rooms and if we wanted leave we would have to pay for transportation and both hotels. the next morning we went to reception to tell them about the bug problem. we barely said anything before the woman apologized and said they didn't put the bugs in the room on purpose so we should just go about our day and forget it. she added that she often goes on vacation with her children and sometimes things happen so she tries to make the best of everything and not start a war. adding a few euros isn't going to make anything go away so we should just go enjoy the day because more we talk the less time we have. pathetic and discriminatory. they have a free shuttle service but it is not accessible to wheelchair users and they don't care. the front desk did not do anything about the issue. i emailed the corporate customer care email address and they take unreasonable amounts of time to respond to emails and do not remedy the problem. the customer care email. visited the comfort suites in new iberia louisiana and my daughters head was almost decapitated in the elivator. when i talked to the front desk to make a complaint and get the front desk to give me the corporate information she gave me a cell phone number instead of the corporate office. we called numerous times before an answer. sheets were filthy jacuzzi was freezing with bugs in it the breakfast had options but the eggs and bacon tasted terrible. my boyfriend and i stayed here for two nights for a wedding in livermore in july. i wouldn't recommend this hotel to my worst enemy. there is absolutely no excuse for stealing my friend's personal belongings whom were also staying at this hotel the same nights. i left my cell phone charger in room 305 and came back a few. i have never in my life been treated so terribly. i was kicked out of the hotel due to stained sheets and a carpet stain was charged for every accusation and still asked to leave. i was even escorted by the police out of the hotel. this was about money. i was charged for something i didn't receive. this hotel is undergoing construction. banging and other loud noises begin early in the morning. forget about enjoying a peaceful morning. was very disappointed by the reaction of the hotel staff when i brought it to their attention. a free night's stay or at least a discount on my next stay may have helped the situation. dont book this hotel until the construction is complete. overpriced small room with absolutely no view furnishings showed years of wear and tear small bath with thin towels very mediocre breakfast. worst and most expensive hotel we stayed in on a 11 night vacation sleeping in 9 different cities in 6 states. this hotel is a dump. upon checking in was told that the place was booked with folks who are running from isaac the folks are depressed sad and crying we got a room with no problem as a matter of fact the parking lot and inside hotel were rather empty despite the fact that the place was booked the room reaked air conditioning unit blew out luke warm air despite having control turned to high cool linens and bath towels were rough and. view morewell worn. the corridors reaked of curry incense and it was obvious other air freshners were used to mask the obvious odors. not opposed to other cultures but if you are going to have that sort of thing waifing through the hotel you should advertise such. my expectations are a clean room with no visible signs of anything else. would not recommend this place. btw the free breakfast was nothing more than day old bakery goods with what was suppose to be biscuits and gravy. the folks running from isaac would have been better off to weather the storm. use this place only as a very last resort. view less. charged online and prepaid room but reception did not have this and had to pay for room again. the online price was aprox. 40. 00 more than check in price. management would only refund cheaper price. the hotel was easy off and on the highway and reasonably priced which were our main points for selection. the night clerk was very helpful for our issue. but that doesn't outweigh the huge negative of finding a condom wrapper between the sheets with suspicious spots on the blanket which led us to believe they had not been changed from a prior guest. upon my request both were replaced and we were offered a different room but inspection of this room included holes in both the sheets and blanket. disgusting. if i hadn't booked on line i would have insisted on my money back. we would never recommend this hotel to anyone. my husband and i had been making a trip to california and back. we used wyndham hotels as they seemed to be the best. our journey to california was excellent. then i reserved another hotels the days inn el reno. we got the king bed no smoking for one night. everything was going well until we decided to call it a. room was filthy had bugs crawling up the wall load people at all hours and we were on the top floor. terrible stay. everything in the room felt damp as it was terribly humid. the place was dated and breakfast omelets were made in a different zip code or worse. the orange juice burned our throats fro the acidity. they had a cardboard like of the man in the advertisents. now everytime i see his likeness i will run away. i had a business meeting that i had to go to in mobile al and my wife wanted to come with me. she wanted a place she could relax while i was at my meeting so we chose a bed and breakfast. unfortunately we couldn't get to mobile until late. my wife told steven i think that was his name. i hesitate to share negative experience on the internet but for the sake of others who could make the same mistake as us i feel obligated to. this hotel is a total sham. we do not live in waikiki and like most travelers must make reservations at hotels based upon hotel websites and reviews. their website inaccurately advertised clean updated. i booked this hotel for mid october months ago. in early october i called this hotel to find out more about the bathroom size and to my horror the hotel just cancelled my reservations without informing me. can you imagine if i had arrived on that day with 2 children to only find out i have no where to stay. for the price that i paid for the room it was horrific meaning that when me and my wife got into the room it was very hot. the next thing was that the elevator wasn't working it took us over 45 minutes to find out that the hotel didn't have a parking spot after making circles and finally the shower. we had a one night stay at your hotel sept. 19. 2015. it had to be the worst hotel i have ever stayed in. upon arrival we discovered that the elevator was broken. i was traveling with an elderly gentleman and the stairs were the only way to our room. due to time constraints and our one night stay in. this hotel is way over rated it's nothing like the description or the reviews. basically its old very old building in the heart of apartment complex parking lot jungle.
