with only one hero to keep us entertained and a modest budget compared to some of the larger scale mcu films with dozens of heroes and significant dependency on cgi iron man still holds its own to this day and is without a doubt one of the best movies marvel studios has made. robert downey jr plays his role perfectly. his humor lightens up all the serious stuff going on in the movie. very interesting. amazing. tony stark is rdj. grade airon man is an intelligent and fun movie with a great story and awesome action. grade airon man is an intelligent and fun movie with a great script and fantastic action. before everyone gathered this was the beginning. one of the greatest superheroes movie all time is recognized for its classic elements and so-strong loneliness. robert downey jr. shows how a billionaire with his intelligence is able to describe whom actually the figure of the superhero the figure behind the costume in iron. with a continuous duration which was never boring iron man became one of the first mcu films start to everything with humor that was pretty funny and action that didn't exaggerate the cgi. iron man is a great way to start the marvel cinematic universe 95 100. after years of crap super hero movies iron man reinvents the genre. it is to super hero films what alien was to space ones and jaws to. well. everything. amazing first entry into this amazing franchise. the first offering from marvel studios is still possibly its finest. robert downey jr. is letter perfect as tony stark. robert downey jr. is the perfect ironman. great film. wooooooooosuper hero never made in great circumstances. the movie that kicked off the entirety of the marvel cinematic universe still holds up great after ten years. the amazing action great plot and fantastic performances led by robert downey jr. makes this marvel movie one of the best. a. action-packed fun and exciting. the first installment in the mcu introduces us to the things that we love about mcu great action realistic cgi light tones and films that never feel exhausting. this movie was the perfect way to start the mcu. one of the best superheroes origin stories. the start of the superhero era. iron man brought a whole genre of film back to life and inspired many films alike. this film is destined to become a classic for its incredible accomplishments and outstanding content. still the greatest mcu movie. iron man is a fantastic masterpiece. it is one of the greatest superhero and comic book films ever made. this movie is a blast from beginning to end. robert downey jr. was born for the role of iron man tony stark. he is the perfect character for the main protagonist. when i first watched this movie i honestly had no idea about iron man and never even heard of that character before but this movie made me instantly love him. he is such an interesting character and robert downey jr. 's charisma and performance makes tony stark a. k. a. iron man even better and more beloved. robert downey jr. is the icing on the cake. jeff bridges as obadiah stane is a brilliant and perfect casting too. gwyneth paltrow is fine as virginia pepper potts. terrence howard is perfect as lt. col. james rhodey rhodes. the casting is great and perfect. the acting is great. the dialogue is great. the characters are great. the pacing is perfectly fine. the first act of the movie is tony stark getting kidnapped by a terrorist organization known as the ten rings. then the movie shows events of things that happened 48 ours before the incident and introduces us to the character of tony stark and his personality and what he's like as an arrogant smart handsome charming rich billionaire playboy genius and visionary who is also a ladies man. the movie did a fabulous job introducing tony stark to the audience and getting us to know the character. then back after the incident he is kidnapped in a cave in afghanistan by the terrorist organization the ten rings. he meets an old man with a lovely accent named ho yinsen. who is forced to make weapons for the ten rings. tony gets forced by the ten rings to build them a diabolical and powerful weapon known as the jerricho missile. while he and yinsen are in the cave tony makes an electromagnet and uses it as an artificial heart and puts it to cover the whole in his chest so he can stay alive. he then decides to build a weaponized armored suit and mask of iron to escape. yinsen agrees to help him. tony and yinsen eventually finish building the suit of iron. tony wears it and yinsen downloads the weapons system online for the suit but then the ten rings soldiers come to kill them before it finishes loading so yinsen buys stark some more time and grabs a gun and chases the two soldiers which ultimately led to his sacrifice after being outnumbered by a bunch of them unexpectedly. the weapons systems for the armor finally finish loading 100%. in the dark inside the cave tony suddenly kills the two soldiers that yinsen chased off by punching them so hard that one of them gets send flying away fast and knocks the other one down. he goes kill the other soldiers in the cave by hitting them so hard that they die. he finds yinsen lying on the ground dying and yells his name in shock of seeing him bleeding and dying while lying on the ground. he tries shooting a missile at raza the leader of the ten rings but he ends up shooting the missile at the part of the ceiling of cave which causes debris to fall on him that knocks him unconscious. yinsen dies and his death is pretty emotional. tony puts back on his iron helmet and walks outside the cave to kill the rest of the soldiers. when he makes it outside he stops for a few moments while they're shooting at him but the bullets are barely damaging the iron suit and helmet he's wearing. then he says in a deep and badass voice my turn and uses his flamethrowers from his suit to shoot fire at the soldiers and burn them all to death. he then also burns his stark weapons in that area that they bought from stark industries. the he causes so much fire that it surrounds him and he decides to escape by flying out of that area and he flies all the way up high in the air a few miles away from that area and then falls down on the ground so hard that the suit breaks apart in the sand that he landed on. rhodey and his air force unit find tony safe and alive and take him home in california. in the second act he goes to stark industries and makes a speech to the press and announces that he'll shut down the weapons manufacturing division of stark industries. his time in that cave really changed his life and had a huge impact on him. that is truly amazing character development. very great writing. he said i saw young americans die out there from the weapons i created to protect them. his view on weapons completely changed his point of view on weapons. so he decides to stop selling weapons. he became a changed man. stane is upset by this and wants stark industries to keep continuing making and selling weapons. so later at his house tony decides to secretly build a new suit of armor that's stable and flies properly which he labels as mark ii. he tests it out and wears the armor and flies out at night outside of his house high in the sky. it was such a cool and mind-blowing scene especially watching it for the very first time. later when he's sitting on his chair at his house he decides to try to solve the icing problem whenever he flies extremely high in the sky. he watches live tv and hears the anchorwoman mention him on television and says that no one expects an appearance from tony stark at the red carpet at the disney concert hall.
