iron man works because of two reasons the storyline flows smoothly and the powerhouse performance of robert downey jr. as the titular iron man tony stark. the charisma of downey jr. coupled with a great emphasis on character development makes iron man one of the best superhero avatars of all time. the non-suited human element of a superhero film should be interesting in someway be it his sorrow or travails or in his embodiment of a larger than life cool figure and this is a fact many films do not foresee or even realize. jon favreau has crafted a great movie and robert downey jr. is so good you cannot picture anyone else play him. the film is fun in a charming way and the action pieces are embedded to flow the story and not as a stopover for special effect show-off. the side parts are played well by everyone involved from gwyneth paltrow to terrence howard. its been ten years since iron man was released and so much has happened both in his journey and the ascent of superhero movies but the first film remains a pinnacle. probably the first great superhero film for the masses. the film which kickstarted the marvel cinematic universe so successfully and which gave robert downey jr. the ultimate big screen comeback. downey jr. and tony stark are one and the same with one of the best casting choices i've ever seen. jon favreau confidently directs the film which works well as a great solo adventure but also serves as a starting point for some rather big things to come. the movie is mu and entertained and it works very well it's a good start for the marvel cinematographic universe. the performance of robert downey was brilliant. enjoyed my time watching. iron man is a great superhero movie and sadly the reason there was an explosion of superhero films back then which never seems to end. as a standalone this is a great film about tony stark and his origins. played superbly by robert downey jr. and ably assisted by jon favreau iron man seems like a derelict of the past when viewed through the lens of 2018. but this straightforward no nonsense tale about a wisecracking billionaire tech genius will keep you enthralled. very watchable its funny fresh and a good start to the mcu. iron man is unarguably one of the best movies of mcu which started the whole mcu which is a smart and sarcastically funny from time to time with great performance by rdj. it was the shot that started it all. the mcu has grabbed nearly 17 billion in the box offices and it all started here. i think the rt and audience score is a little high but it is a solid b and on a good day a b. the bad guys could have been stronger but the stabbing in the back aspect is very cool. don't get me wrong this is a great film and a great way to start the mcu but to be honest this movie is overrated because of the that. some parts get you excited others are just boring. all previous marvel movies have been horrible but iron man undoubtedly astonishes. it's a good movie but the plot needs work. jeff bridges is terrible at the least in the role of obadiah stane and war machine isn't in the movie. tony stark robert downey jr. hides his identity. gwneyth paltrow and jon favreau are bright spots. downey did a good job but the plot needs direction and a better villain. the third act is horrible. this movie has amazing performances great effects and fantastic action. the villain is a bit. meh. but that doesn't take away the fun to be had. great start to the franchise. bit of a nothing film building up to iron man 2. watchable though. witty unique compelling and openly satisfying iron-man opens up the marvel cinematic universe in style with a sassy pitch-perfect performance from lead actor robert downey jr. boring at times but still a very well done film by jon favreau. robert downey jr makes his comeback roll. story and characters that we should see grow for future films. the first half of this movie had purpose there was a reason for each action. the villain obadiah is pure evil i just don't understand why. i wish marvel would learn that villains need characterization too. otherwise this movie was captivating with the creation of iron man. this movie was awesome until they had to rush in a terrible 3rd act. title iron manstory writing message plot 4character acting 3music sound 3cinematography editing 4age originality 4total 18 25. iron man is best when it strays away from the genre formula such as taking a bad guy or at least indifferent guy and making him care but without any of the angst or melodrama that often plagues the genre and the reverse-gender taming of the shrew by paltrow's long-suffering love interest. sadly these strong characters are contrasted by a cackling cartoon of an antagonist. the combination results in a highly entertaining first two-thirds things fall apart by the third act when the villainous plot comes to the fore and things become by-the-numbers hammy and lacking in suspense. the film took its time in developing the character before a bunch of action. a must see for fans of the genre. incredibly solid and entertaining movie that holds up years later. rdj is perfect in his role and carries almost the whole film on his back. better action sequences and a better villain would've made me rate this film higher. as it is the action sequences are just alright and obadiah is a pretty weak villain. the ending fight between tony and obadiah was meh. there's some cheesy product placement thanks to burger king that really detracts from a big moment in the movie when tony stark returns to the u. s. and announces he's going to stop making weapons for sale. as usual there is a black sidekick for the white lead character. on the other hand tony and yinsen's final scene together was unexpectedly moving and i also liked that tony stark's transformation from weapons-dealing playboy to hero was actually believable given what happened to him in the movie. a very workable film version with downey jr. as a great choice to play tony stark. the key problem was having stane as the main villain for this first iron man flick. they should have chosen someone else because it simply didn't work for stane was a cerebral character and not what you want in today's cinematic experience that involves bigger faster and better technology to mesmerize the audience. enjoyable for the most part with some down sides otherwise amazing film and great start for the mcu. hard to say should i rate 3. 5 or 4. it's somewhere in that area. fantastic start to the mcu and great performances all round most noticeably robert downey jr. 3. 5 5. an okay at best superhero origin story but unmemorable at the end of the day. when marvel started to show the world how to make a silly yet entertaining superhero movie. enjoyable enough with an agreeably offbeat lead performance from robery downey jr. and an unusually engaging performance from gwyneth paltrow before she's made to cower and whimper as women in action movies are wont to do. but that's a different story. pity the latter half of the movie amounts to typical nonsensical action movie plotting and requires the usually skilful jeff bridges to scream his lines to show how bad in both senses of the word a villain he is. still the bench-mark from which all marvel films are judged. impeccable casting that is still yielding dividends. not as good as everyone says it is but it is still a exelent example of character building and is a great starting point for the mcu marvel cinematic universe. robert downey jr. sort of plays himself and it works. iron man is a very confident movie and has every reason to be. downey jr. 's stark is charming and interesting yet the confused-superhero card is not overplayed. his transformation to iron man is engrossing and awe-inspiring in terms of both visuals and storytelling. and yet you will find moments where his efforts fall flat in highly amusing ways. next to the gripping action and the subversive humour you will not find melodramatic filler but biting commentary on the gun industry.
