too br. ght and not funny. iron man best marvel film of all time. the movie is good itself but i think that the personality of tony stark is too. not give a crap. a boring lifeless movie from start to finish. it almost made me want to turn into tony stark's more accurate comic counterpart. an alcoholic. the plot might be interesting but 2008's iron man suffers from a not compelling villain miscasting and cheesy action courtesy of director jon favreau. a great way to start off a whole cinematic universe. the movie itself does a great way to explain tony stark's origins in a cave in afganistan as well as a brilliant and amazing performance by robert downey jr as iron man aka tony stark as well as jeff bridges menacing performance as iron monger aka obadiah stane. it definitely does good at emulating the comics with minor changes here and there. as well as the way how director jon favreau begins to build a cinematic universe from a scene with sam l jackson speaking to robert downey. what. this movie sucks. i don't understand why anyone thinks this is a good movie. the characters aren't likeable the tone is all over the place and the storyline is boring. thor two is better don't recommend this one at all. good movie but it seems to be a tad overrated. only downey and paltrow's characters were well developed the rest were a bunch of stereotypes especially the villains. sure they may not have intended for the villains to have any relation to what is currently going in the middle east but it sure comes off that way. i don't mind that they're primarily arabs but i do mind how they're portrayed. they're complete morons with no human qualities and are the biggest flaw in this movie. and of course the main evil guy which is you can tell is evil from a mile away is the typical white rice guy drunk with power. been there done that. they're acting was also pretty sub-par compared to paltrow and downey. the special effects of course i must mention. they were amazing and really brought iron man to life. in that department the movie gets 5 stars. and finally i know stark is supposed to be a witty guy and all but i think it was tad overdone. for every moment he was serious there were five moments where he was cracking jokes. a better balance of the two would have made the film much stronger. in the end it was pretty enjoyable film and i hope the second one is much better. until then though the first spider-man film is still in my opinion a better a superhero movie. one of marvels many but few successful transfers to the big screen the others being spider-man 1 amp x-men 2 although none of them have matched up to the 1978 superman or batman begins. the effects are good enough amp i'm glad they didn't set out to make a cgi extravaganza as we've had quite a number of those in recent years. instead it focuses thankfully on downey jr's performance which holds it all together amp keeps you entertained more than anything else. paltrow may be a pretty face but is overly dull amp cardboard as the love interest but jeff bridges gives a brilliantly chilly turn as the villain. thoroughly enjoyable. movie was dull. iron man has never been my favorite character. iron man is the first movie of the mcu and it is awesome. the effects are great and the actors and fantastic. the villain is shit but you forget him very quickly so that's a good thing. it is also the first superhero movie were the hero reveals his secret identity. at the end of the day iron man is a great movie and i recommened it even for non-superhero fans. barely-watchable trash. i stuck through it to be polite to the person who wanted me to see it but managed to get out of enduring any of the sequels. loud noises and expensive special effects can't make up for the absence of a plot writing characterisation or really anything interesting. really good even though i hate iron man go capt. there's only so much rdj i can stand and this past the limit. exceeded expectations. robert downey jr. is perfect as tony stark and the movie finds the perfect action story character comedy balance. bridges is miscast but the rest of the cast more than make up for it. tony stark is the main character in the film iron man. he is a play boy billionaire who has more money than he knows what to do with. he is extremely smart and builds extremely revolutionary weapons. he travels to afghanistan to display and sell his new weapons that he has made. tony stark's appearance is a typical male in the united states he is of normal stature and is not cleaned up he is a little rougher looking. he is more rugged this could represent his rough edged manor in which he lives his life. he does not have regard for his safety and is more worried about his appearance to other people. his character develops throughout the movie. his talents when he is wearing the suit and when he is in normal clothes and just tony stark differ immensely. when he does not have his suit on he is fragile. he is always close to death at any moment the battery could go out and the shrapnel would go too his heart and kill him relatively instantly. yet when he puts his suit it gives him strength. the battery is what powers his suit and allows him to be iron man. tony without the suit is a genius he can basically put anything together and create anything he puts his mind too. his mind is his source of power when he is out of the suit. when he puts on the suit his body gains the same amount of power that his mind has all the time. yet with the suit he embodies every athletic or necessary trait to being a successful super hero. pepper potts is the billionaire's assistant. it is not easy being a personal assistant in general yet potts does it for one of the hardest men on the planet. tony is demanding and he expects so much out of her. she appearance wise is a classic american women and dresses in extremely plain clothing. she mostly sticks to one color and always is a neutral. she does everything with grace even when she has to do the awkward task of returning a women's clothes after a one night stand with tony she explains it as just work and goes about her day. she is tony's right hand women and keeps everything together behind the scenes. she is the one who discovers that stane has been the one trying to kill stark. she is going through the computers to see where the ships are heading when she comes across the information of stane's weapon dealings with the terrorists. she is understated as a person yet when she needs to or when tony needs her she always produces the needed outcome and does the right thing. obadiah stane is the enemy of iron man yet in the beginning we do not know this. at the beginning of the film he is a mentor to stark. he allows money and greed to get the best of him and decides he is going to kill tony. he hires the terrorist group the 10 rings to kidnap and kill him. this plan does not work out though because tony escapes and build his armor so that he can become iron man. stane realizes what stark has created and wants some of that too. he starts creating his own armor and eventually is even stronger than iron man is. he is dressed in mostly black and is more rugged then iron man. iron man is clean and sleek and his armor looks very put together. there is something about stane's suit that makes him look disheveled. stane is dressed in all black and almost all villains are. he definitely is understated in comparison to the flashy red and gold of iron man's suit. robert downey jr. jeff bridges and gwyneth paltrow do a great job in keeping this comic classic entertaining. straight into the action iron man progresses steadily and ambitiously. robert downey jnr. is perfect for the role the twists in this movie are shocking and lets not forget the amazingly put together action scenes. overall a great movie to watch with a bunch of friends.
